All right, so Claude just released
Claude Code Remote Control and
essentially allows us to control our
Claude code apparently from our phones.
Anthropic just announced a new Claude
Code feature called Claude Remote
Control. It's rolling out to Max users.
Okay, as research preview, you can try
it with SL remote control. Okay, the ID
is pretty straightforward. You can start
a cloud session locally in your
terminal. Then you pick it up and
continue from your phone. So, I don't
know about you, but OpenClaw, one of the
my favorite things about OpenCloud was
being able to talk to it from Telegram.
So, I'm really happy that Claude is
going and competing with them because
this is the killer feature in my
opinion. Okay, so my view doesn't matter
though. So, let's go ahead and see what
this actually does. If I can control my
claw instances here with my phone, that
would be goated because you can see I
got six cloud codes all day. All day.
All day.
all day. And I would love to be able to
cook on the couch with this. My dog bit
through my laptop screen. I got to get a
new one. Anyone here on the Max Plan
tried it yet? I'm about to. Let's see
what anybody else said. Oh my god, this
is hilarious. The five dozen I made
remote control clouds projects must be
losing it right now.
Long-term AI. Yeah. Yeah, we're not
going to read all that. So, let's see
what's going on here. Okay. Announcing a
new cloud code feature, remote control.
It's rolling out to max users in
research preview. Try it with remote
control. So, start local sessions from
the terminal, then continue from your
phone. Take a walk, see the sun, walk
your dog without losing your flow. I
love it, dude. I love it. I love it. I
love the thought of it, dude. I love the
thought.
>> Hey, I'm Noah, a cloud team. I'm super
excited to ship remote control so you
can bring your local cloud code sessions
and dev environment with you.
>> Speak up young that you can keep working
from your phone when you step away from
your computer.
>> Which means for the first time in
history, developers can touch grass, see
the sun, and continue to ship. Your
local environments stay connected and
your MCP servers keep running. You just
don't have to be at your desk.
>> You really went and touched grass. Okay,
cool, cool, cool. Thank you. Announcing
a new cloud code feature, remote
control. It's rolling out to max users
in research preview. Try it with /
remote control. Start local sessions
from the terminal, then continue them
from your phone. Take a walk, see the
sun, walk your dog. Okay. So, try it
with remote control.
So, do you think this is possible, dude?
So, enable remote control for this
session here. Remote control. You access
the CLI from the web
cloud AAI/Code or the cloud app. So you
can pick up where you left off on any
device.
Enable remote control
code in the CLI is active at this
session. Are you guys all able to
get on this? Please don't do it.
Yeah, you might be you might have access
to my AI now.
Curious with this link, can anybody
access it or do you have to be logged
into my account?
I already got hacked today, dude. I
already got hacked.
Let's go here and say let's see this.
No, I just use slash remote-control here
on cloud code and I'm just wondering if
um
anybody with that link can access it or
am I good because they need my account
information as well. This is the remote
control new feature on cloud code.
Okay. So, how do I get in there is the
question. I got that link. Don't click
it, bro. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. We're cooking. We're cooking.
So, it says it's Taianthropic account.
Okay. So, how about this?
Make me a brick breaker. A brick breaker
game and then launch it on the
local web.
Okay, see it did. I'm on my phone right
now. I got the Claude app. I got the
Claude app on my phone talking to the
Claude inside the Mundv app. This is
game over. This is game over. Oh man,
I'm excited now. I'm excited now. This
was a big dub. I wanted to do this at
the start of the day, but somebody
hacked me or they tried to hack me. They
were doing some funny business, but this
is the end. Anyways, so much love to
you. We got Claude from the phone. You
saw how easy it was to connect. Just do
remote- control. You can see I said make
me a brickbreaker game and then launch
it on local. I think this is a game
changer for Anthropic. I think this is
an absolute game changer. Let's see if I
can get it in multiple. Oh
Holy moly. We got it, dude. Got our game
going. This is too easy, though. By the
way, if Jane is here, look how much
smoother this is than YUbuntu. Just
sorry. I'm just saying. I know
everybody's going to hold their YUbuntu
servers. Um, this is just so much
smoother. I've seen the video. Thank you
for sharing that. Thank you for sharing
that. But still, Mac, Mac versus
Yubuntu, it's a no-brainer. Still, I'd
pay 10x. 10x for Mac over yubuntu.
You're running Open Claw from Yubuntu,
you're cooked.
Go get a Mac. I'm still on that. You
guys can't convince me on the Ubuntu,
dude. And then you send me videos of it
working on YUbuntu or Windows and it's
janky. This is smooth, gang. This is why
that comment over on the left side is
true. Y'all are cooked.
Cooked, bro. Okay, so I want to do one
more test here.
I want to do one more test. And this is
it. So, I want to go ahead and see if I
can say remote control from mult
multiple remote control, please. Okay.
So, now I just do that. But is there a
way inside
of
my thing here
to see my remote sessions or not? No, I
don't think there is, but that's okay.
That's okay. So, I'd say that's the
downside right now is you can't see your
remote sessions like a link to them, but
you can get the link and just paste it.
And then what I'm going to do here is
I'm going to keep those two things open.
So, maybe for the rest of the day, I'll
just code from there, my phone, and I
could go in the other room. Holy hell,
dude. This is a big change. This is a
big win. I think this is a big win for
Anthropic. Again, Anthropic, the boys
over there. I like what they're doing. I
like what they're doing over there. They
working hard over there. Anthropic. We
claw guys for sure. Why? Well, h
can I do voice with this as well? Yeah,
I can actually. Let's see. Let's see.
Can you go ahead and build me a back
test out of our back test folder? We
have a bunch of back tests in there. I
just want you to go ahead and create me
a new one. Look through all of our files
here in the AI agents. There should be a
good template for one and then just
build me a new one and make sure it's a
good one.
All right. So, I used voice on that one.
I used voice. I'm on my phone and boom.
Yeah, this is game changing, dude. So, I
use the Mundave app. Y'all are cooked
after today because I'm not coming back.
You want in, you want access to
everything I know over the last five
years, mundave.com/go.
Uh, you only have 15 hours to get in if
you want in.